Tasks/AzureContainerAppsV0/README.md, before:

# Azure Container Apps Build and Deploy

This Azure Pipelines Task allows users to easily deploy their application source to an
[Azure Container App](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-apps/) in their Azure Pipelines workflow by
either providing a previously built image, a Dockerfile that an image can be built from, or using a builder to create a
runnable application image for the user.

If no Dockerfile is found or provided in the provided application source, the following steps are performed by this task:

- Uses the Oryx++ Builder to build the application source using [Oryx](https://github.com/microsoft/Oryx) to produce a
  runnable application image
- Pushes this runnable application image to the provided Azure Container Registry
- Creates or updates a Container App based on this image

If a Dockerfile is found or discovered in the application source, the builder won't be used and the image will be built
with a call to `docker build` and the Container App will be created or updated based on this image.

If a previously built image has already been pushed to the ACR instance and is provided to this task, no application
source is required and the image will be used when creating or updating the Container App.

## Prerequisites

Prior to running this task, Azure resources and an Azure DevOps service connection are either required or optional
depending on the arguments provided to this task.

### Azure DevOps Service Connection

To deploy to Azure, an Azure subscription has to be linked to Team Foundation Server or to Azure Pipelines using the
Services tab in the settings section. Add the Azure subscription to use in the Build or Release Management definition by
opening the Account Administration screen (gear icon on the top-right of the screen) and then click on the Services Tab.

Create the [ARM](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/documentation/articles/resource-group-overview/) service endpoint and
use the **'Azure Resource Manager'** endpoint type; for more information on creating service connections, please follow
[this document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/library/service-endpoints).

### Azure CLI

This task requires that the Azure CLI is installed on the Azure Pipelines agent to execute a variety of commands
throughout the execution of the task. For more information on how to install the Azure CLI on the agent, please see
[this document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli). If an agent is already running on the
machine on which the Azure CLI is installed, ensure that you restart the agent so that all relevant environment
variables are updated.

### Docker

This task requires that Docker is installed on the Azure Pipelines agent to push images to the provided Azure Container
Registry. For more information on how to install Docker on the agent, please see
[this document](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

### Azure Container Registry

An [Azure Container Registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/container-registry/) must exist that the user
is able to push container images to. This task will leverage the Azure Container Registry to either push a built
runnable application image to and/or deploy a Container App from.

The name of the Azure Container Registry is required via the `acrName` argument.

The user can also provide values for the `acrUsername` and `acrPassword` arguments that will authenticate calls to the
Azure Container Registry instance; if not provided, an access token will be generated via the Azure CLI that will
authenticate the calls instead.

### Azure Container App environment

An [Azure Container App environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-apps/environment) is recommended
to have been previously created by the user to improve the performance of the task. If no environment has been
created before, or if an environment cannot be found in the resource group that is being used to host the created
Container App, then an environment will be created by as a part of the `az containerapp up` command, which may take
additional time.

## Arguments

Below are the arguments that can be provided to this task.

| Argument name             | Required | Description |
| ------------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `connectedServiceNameARM` | Yes      | Service connection linked to the user's Azure Subscription where the Container App will be created/updated. This service connection _must_ have proper permissions to make these changes within the subscription (_e.g._, Contributor role). |
| `appSourcePath`           | No       | Absolute path on the Azure Pipelines agent of the source application code to be built. |
| `acrName`                 | Yes      | The name of the Azure Container Registry that the runnable application image will be pushed to. |
| `acrUsername`             | No       | The username used to authenticate push requests to the provided Azure Container Registry. If not provided, an access token will be generated via "az acr login" and provided to "docker login" to authenticate the requests. |
| `acrPassword`             | No       | The password used to authenticate push requests to the provided Azure Container Registry. If not provided, an access token will be generated via "az acr login" and provided to "docker login" to authenticate the requests. |
| `dockerfilePath`          | No       | Relative path (_without file prefixes, see example below_) to the Dockerfile in the provided application source that should be used to build the image that is then pushed to ACR and deployed to the Container App. If not provided, this action will check if there is a file named `Dockerfile` in the provided application source and use that to build the image. Otherwise, the Oryx++ Builder will be used to create the image. |
| `imageToBuild`            | No       | The custom name of the image that is to be built, pushed to ACR and deployed to the Container App by this action. _Note_: this image name should include the ACR server; _e.g._, `<acr-name>.azurecr.io/<repo>:<tag>`. If this argument is not provided, a default image name will be constructed in the form `<acr-name>.azurecr.io/ado-task/container-app:<build-id>.<build-number>` |
| `imageToDeploy`           | No       | The custom name of the image that has already been pushed to ACR and will be deployed to the Container App by this action. _Note_: this image name should include the ACR server; _e.g._, `<acr-name>.azurecr.io/<repo>:<tag>`. If this argument is not provided, the value provided (or determined) for the `imageToBuild` argument will be used. |
| `containerAppName`        | No       | The name of the Container App that will be created or updated. If not provided, this value will be `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>`. |
| `resourceGroup`           | No       | The resource group that the Container App will be created in, or currently exists in. If not provided, this value will be `<container-app-name>-rg`. |
| `containerAppEnvironment` | No       | The name of the Container App environment to use with the application. If not provided, an existing environment in the resource group of the Container App will be used, otherwise, an environment will be created in the formation `<container-app-name>-env`. |
| `runtimeStack`            | No       | The platform version stack used in the final runnable application image that is deployed to the Container App. The value should be provided in the formation `<platform>:<version>`. If not provided, this value is determined by Oryx based on the contents of the provided application. Please refer to [this document](https://github.com/microsoft/Oryx/blob/main/doc/supportedRuntimeVersions.md) for more information on supported runtime stacks for Oryx. |
| `targetPort`              | No       | The target port that the Container App will listen on. If not provided, this value will be "80" for Python applications and "8080" for all other supported platforms. |

## Usage

Below are a set of examples outlining how to use this task in different scenarios.

### Minimal

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new resource group named
`<container-app-name>-rg`. The provided Azure Container Registry credentials will be used to authenticate any calls
made against the 'sampleacr' instance.

### Container App name provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      containerAppName: 'test-container-app-123'
```

This will create a new Container App named `test-container-app-123` in a new resource group named
`test-container-app-123-rg`.

### Resource group provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      resourceGroup: 'test-container-app-rg'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `test-container-app-rg`.

### Container App name and resource group provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      containerAppName: 'test-container-app-123'
      resourceGroup: 'test-container-app-rg'
```

If the `test-container-app-rg` resource group does not exist, this will create the resource group and create a new
Container App named `test-container-app-123` within the resource group. If the resource group already exists, this will
create a new Container App named `test-container-app-123` in the resource group, or update the Container App if it
already exists within the resource group.

### Container App environment provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      containerAppEnvironment: 'test-container-app-123-env'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` with a new Container App environment named `test-container-app-123-env`.

### Runtime stack provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      runtimeStack: 'dotnetcore:7.0'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where the runnable application image is using the .NET 7 runtime stack.

### Dockerfile provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      dockerfilePath: 'test.Dockerfile'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where the runnable application image was created from the `test.Dockerfile`
file found in the provided application source path directory.

_Note_: for values provided to `dockerfilePath`, no file prefixes should be included (_e.g._, `./test.Dockerfile` should be
passed as just `test.Dockerfile`). The provided `appSourcePath` and `dockerfilePath` arguments will be concatenated inside
of the Azure DevOps task.

### Image to build provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      imageToBuild: 'sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where the image built and pushed to ACR is named
`sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest`

### Image to deploy provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      imageToDeploy: 'sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where **no new image is built**, but an existing image in ACR named
`sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest` will be deployed to the Container App.

Commit message:

Add environment variables to ContainerApps task

Tasks/AzureContainerAppsV0/README.md, after:

# Azure Container Apps Build and Deploy

This Azure Pipelines Task allows users to easily deploy their application source to an
[Azure Container App](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-apps/) in their Azure Pipelines workflow by
either providing a previously built image, a Dockerfile that an image can be built from, or using a builder to create a
runnable application image for the user.

If no Dockerfile is found or provided in the provided application source, the following steps are performed by this task:

- Uses the Oryx++ Builder to build the application source using [Oryx](https://github.com/microsoft/Oryx) to produce a
  runnable application image
- Pushes this runnable application image to the provided Azure Container Registry
- Creates or updates a Container App based on this image

If a Dockerfile is found or discovered in the application source, the builder won't be used and the image will be built
with a call to `docker build` and the Container App will be created or updated based on this image.

If a previously built image has already been pushed to the ACR instance and is provided to this task, no application
source is required and the image will be used when creating or updating the Container App.

## Prerequisites

Prior to running this task, Azure resources and an Azure DevOps service connection are either required or optional
depending on the arguments provided to this task.

### Azure DevOps Service Connection

To deploy to Azure, an Azure subscription has to be linked to Team Foundation Server or to Azure Pipelines using the
Services tab in the settings section. Add the Azure subscription to use in the Build or Release Management definition by
opening the Account Administration screen (gear icon on the top-right of the screen) and then click on the Services Tab.

Create the [ARM](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/documentation/articles/resource-group-overview/) service endpoint and
use the **'Azure Resource Manager'** endpoint type; for more information on creating service connections, please follow
[this document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/library/service-endpoints).

### Azure CLI

This task requires that the Azure CLI is installed on the Azure Pipelines agent to execute a variety of commands
throughout the execution of the task. For more information on how to install the Azure CLI on the agent, please see
[this document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli). If an agent is already running on the
machine on which the Azure CLI is installed, ensure that you restart the agent so that all relevant environment
variables are updated.

### Docker

This task requires that Docker is installed on the Azure Pipelines agent to push images to the provided Azure Container
Registry. For more information on how to install Docker on the agent, please see
[this document](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

### Azure Container Registry

An [Azure Container Registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/container-registry/) must exist that the user
is able to push container images to. This task will leverage the Azure Container Registry to either push a built
runnable application image to and/or deploy a Container App from.

The name of the Azure Container Registry is required via the `acrName` argument.

The user can also provide values for the `acrUsername` and `acrPassword` arguments that will authenticate calls to the
Azure Container Registry instance; if not provided, an access token will be generated via the Azure CLI that will
authenticate the calls instead.

### Azure Container App environment

An [Azure Container App environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-apps/environment) is recommended
to have been previously created by the user to improve the performance of the task. If no environment has been
created before, or if an environment cannot be found in the resource group that is being used to host the created
Container App, then an environment will be created by as a part of the `az containerapp up` command, which may take
additional time.

## Arguments

Below are the arguments that can be provided to this task.

| Argument name             | Required | Description |
| ------------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `connectedServiceNameARM` | Yes      | Service connection linked to the user's Azure Subscription where the Container App will be created/updated. This service connection _must_ have proper permissions to make these changes within the subscription (_e.g._, Contributor role). |
| `appSourcePath`           | No       | Absolute path on the Azure Pipelines agent of the source application code to be built. |
| `acrName`                 | Yes      | The name of the Azure Container Registry that the runnable application image will be pushed to. |
| `acrUsername`             | No       | The username used to authenticate push requests to the provided Azure Container Registry. If not provided, an access token will be generated via "az acr login" and provided to "docker login" to authenticate the requests. |
| `acrPassword`             | No       | The password used to authenticate push requests to the provided Azure Container Registry. If not provided, an access token will be generated via "az acr login" and provided to "docker login" to authenticate the requests. |
| `dockerfilePath`          | No       | Relative path (_without file prefixes, see example below_) to the Dockerfile in the provided application source that should be used to build the image that is then pushed to ACR and deployed to the Container App. If not provided, this action will check if there is a file named `Dockerfile` in the provided application source and use that to build the image. Otherwise, the Oryx++ Builder will be used to create the image. |
| `imageToBuild`            | No       | The custom name of the image that is to be built, pushed to ACR and deployed to the Container App by this action. _Note_: this image name should include the ACR server; _e.g._, `<acr-name>.azurecr.io/<repo>:<tag>`. If this argument is not provided, a default image name will be constructed in the form `<acr-name>.azurecr.io/ado-task/container-app:<build-id>.<build-number>` |
| `imageToDeploy`           | No       | The custom name of the image that has already been pushed to ACR and will be deployed to the Container App by this action. _Note_: this image name should include the ACR server; _e.g._, `<acr-name>.azurecr.io/<repo>:<tag>`. If this argument is not provided, the value provided (or determined) for the `imageToBuild` argument will be used. |
| `containerAppName`        | No       | The name of the Container App that will be created or updated. If not provided, this value will be `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>`. |
| `resourceGroup`           | No       | The resource group that the Container App will be created in, or currently exists in. If not provided, this value will be `<container-app-name>-rg`. |
| `containerAppEnvironment` | No       | The name of the Container App environment to use with the application. If not provided, an existing environment in the resource group of the Container App will be used, otherwise, an environment will be created in the formation `<container-app-name>-env`. |
| `runtimeStack`            | No       | The platform version stack used in the final runnable application image that is deployed to the Container App. The value should be provided in the formation `<platform>:<version>`. If not provided, this value is determined by Oryx based on the contents of the provided application. Please refer to [this document](https://github.com/microsoft/Oryx/blob/main/doc/supportedRuntimeVersions.md) for more information on supported runtime stacks for Oryx. |
| `targetPort`              | No       | The target port that the Container App will listen on. If not provided, this value will be "80" for Python applications and "8080" for all other supported platforms. |
| `environmentVariables`    | No       | A list of environment variable(s) for the container. Space-separated values in 'key=value' format. Empty string to clear existing values. Prefix value with 'secretref:' to reference a secret. |

## Usage

Below are a set of examples outlining how to use this task in different scenarios.

### Minimal

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new resource group named
`<container-app-name>-rg`. The provided Azure Container Registry credentials will be used to authenticate any calls
made against the 'sampleacr' instance.

### Container App name provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      containerAppName: 'test-container-app-123'
```

This will create a new Container App named `test-container-app-123` in a new resource group named
`test-container-app-123-rg`.

### Resource group provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      resourceGroup: 'test-container-app-rg'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `test-container-app-rg`.

### Container App name and resource group provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      containerAppName: 'test-container-app-123'
      resourceGroup: 'test-container-app-rg'
```

If the `test-container-app-rg` resource group does not exist, this will create the resource group and create a new
Container App named `test-container-app-123` within the resource group. If the resource group already exists, this will
create a new Container App named `test-container-app-123` in the resource group, or update the Container App if it
already exists within the resource group.

### Container App environment provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      containerAppEnvironment: 'test-container-app-123-env'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` with a new Container App environment named `test-container-app-123-env`.

### Runtime stack provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      runtimeStack: 'dotnetcore:7.0'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where the runnable application image is using the .NET 7 runtime stack.

### Dockerfile provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      dockerfilePath: 'test.Dockerfile'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where the runnable application image was created from the `test.Dockerfile`
file found in the provided application source path directory.

_Note_: for values provided to `dockerfilePath`, no file prefixes should be included (_e.g._, `./test.Dockerfile` should be
passed as just `test.Dockerfile`). The provided `appSourcePath` and `dockerfilePath` arguments will be concatenated inside
of the Azure DevOps task.

### Image to build provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      imageToBuild: 'sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where the image built and pushed to ACR is named
`sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest`

### Image to deploy provided

```yml
steps:

  - task: AzureContainerApps@V0
    displayName: Build and deploy Container App
    inputs:
      connectedServiceNameARM: 'azure-subscription-service-connection'
      appSourcePath: '$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/folder-containing-app-source'
      acrName: 'sampleacr'
      acrUsername: $(ACR_USERNAME_SECRET)
      acrPassword: $(ACR_PASSWORD_SECRET)
      imageToDeploy: 'sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest'
```

This will create a new Container App named `ado-task-app-<build-id>-<build-number>` in a new
resource group named `<container-app-name>-rg` where **no new image is built**, but an existing image in ACR named
`sampleacr.azurecr.io/app:latest` will be deployed to the Container App.
